Harry Potter Polygonen is big by bike in South Stadium we drive
certainly to avoid a traffic jam because a lot of spectators
were expected or
so many spectators probably did not expect so little sense
probably seldom it seemed so
after all the little pleasing things for the schoolchildren from proven
simply to win in Cologne and fall into the water would be the bottle throw often
to score the Reds' two declines London also still the league leaders
Straten terrain in javelin
we state
Pressure
Photo will always have something after two courtesies half defense
in silence
Brummer 5 and 0 degrees approx
Decision maker and life of these tailors
Schalke the Scottish minute the first chance
so they were prevented with a splendid parade
retirement
then took over
Again, buy more for the command a pass of 4 gold
pursued by Grone Art of Hair does not get pushed and threw 29
minutes
than is 1
the 1 0 was the logical consequence
until the break whistle it remained in one
rather moderate game with this result
but then the meeting began
in more than talking would be entertaining
this is Damir Buljan in the 48th minute
Skewed his solo with the
Branch to zero from the second half so it starts with a bang
however, if a bit of luck sound good at that post
two children
the Cologne now
completely unsettled proof of this scene too
Foul of Lord Wotton boom years clearly seen currently no need cd-player
Referee Knut was decided on penalty
so fast
Schulte
next to the lenders and the last almost on the ball but guilt in the margin
already for 04
the examiner
the profit has on the ball the man is on his way to goalkeeping legend
to become
as the first goalkeeper for the Cuban bottles themselves
Lines of cars
Apple there is no new information the procedure
Podolski took advantage of Warren as he thinks where last but far missed
the cologne started
Continuing the train, however, the girls sat down too, so to speak, together
pick up
loud close to the bar
and then reopened
completely unrestrained
in the 56th
hope three to one teams again
in the sweeter
what everyone completely at
and Robert Kubica natural
In the meantime, Walter Beer Cup
in La Paz Oloko under pressure
Bilfinger Berger
a measure that played in the storm Köhler
this scene is wrong
Thal fallback there were then as is
Nadal the opponent
Heek to accept
and in the 66 minute it suddenly turns the area for two with a turn
Hardly anyone had expected the stadium
he did not sing
after the highest home defeat for Cologne from as little as after the
highest away win the Mettener lured two goals caught up
to see the black hole
only two minutes
after the kick-off same weather was back to her and with this splendid
turned
Foul
already made it to three the second gate of the Egypt one year ago
Freiburg have
as completely surprising as some spectators in the Stade says of course
completely excited
and the cologne even had
the chance to win
Rühl more open
Mattner penalty probably too early with skins
at all
Victory has stopped like me
so it was all just in the halleschen
already to three
and back with it
for the photos